When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

You might want to use a remote repository when other people are modifying your files or when you want to modify your own work from another device.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You would want to be in control of what changes were pulled into your local repository, especially if someone else has been working on your code. If you pull changes manually, you can decide when to include changes to your local repository.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

You use clones to copy a repository onto your local machine. Branches can then be made as offshoots of a master or default branch in the local setting. Forking is useful when you want to use someone else's repository and is essentailly a clone that Github hosts for you on their servers.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    One benefit would be the ability to work with that information on your machine without Internet access. You could compare your changes with the last known (local) copy of the remote branch.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

	If I weren't using Git or GitHub, I'd probably opt to share a Dropbox folder with collaborators. It would be simpler in that changes that I would save on my own machine, for instance, would automatically be mirrored on others' via Dropbox. However, keeping track of previous versions of a file might prove more difficult, potentially making debugging more challenging. It would also be harder to know which parts of a file were changed and by whom. Using Git and GitHub would probably simplify these processes.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    It would be useful to make changes in a branch separate from master if you're experimenting with features and are not sure if you'll want to incorporate those features into the master branch. If something goes wrong with the experimental branch, your master should still be functional. Alternatively, the benefit of keeping everything on the master branch means that pushing and pulling are somewhat more complicated.
